README.md, before:


# dsvisualizer

A simple data structure visualizer for Jupyter Notebooks.

## Usage

To visualize your linked list implementation import the library and add the
corresponding decorators to the linked list node and container.

![Usage](usage.gif)

## Installation

You can install using `pip`:

```bash
pip install dsvisualizer
```

<details>
<summary>If using Google Colab</summary>

You need to run the following snippet to enable custom widgets.

```py
from google.colab import output
output.enable_custom_widget_manager()
```
</details>

## Development Installation

Create a dev environment:
```bash
conda create -n dsvisualizer-dev -c conda-forge nodejs yarn python jupyterlab
conda activate dsvisualizer-dev
```

Install the python. This will also build the TS package.
```bash
pip install -e ".[test, examples]"
```

When developing your extensions, you need to manually enable your extensions
with the notebook or lab frontend. For Lab, this is done by the command:

```
jupyter labextension develop --overwrite .
yarn run build
```

For classic notebooks, you need to run:

```
jupyter nbextension install --sys-prefix --symlink --overwrite --py dsvisualizer
jupyter nbextension enable --sys-prefix --py dsvisualizer
```

Note that the `--symlink` flag doesn't work on Windows, so you will here
have to run the `install` command every time that you rebuild your extension.
For certain installations you might also need another flag instead of
`--sys-prefix`, but we won't cover the meaning of those flags here.

### How to see your changes
#### Typescript:
If you use JupyterLab to develop then you can watch the source directory and
run JupyterLab at the same time in different terminals to watch for changes
in the extension's source and automatically rebuild the widget.

```bash
# Watch the source directory in one terminal, automatically rebuilding when needed
yarn run watch
# Run JupyterLab in another terminal
jupyter lab
```

After a change wait for the build to finish and then refresh your browser and
the changes should take effect.

#### Python:
If you make a change to the python code then you will need to restart the
notebook kernel to have it take effect.

Commit message:

Adds link to the introduction notebook in the README

README.md, after:


# dsvisualizer

A simple data structure visualizer for Jupyter Notebooks.

## Usage

To visualize your linked list implementation import the library and add the
corresponding decorators to the linked list node and container.

![Usage](usage.gif)

You can see an example notebook in [introduction](examples/introduction.ipynb).

## Installation

You can install using `pip`:

```bash
pip install dsvisualizer
```

<details>
<summary>If using Google Colab</summary>

You need to run the following snippet to enable custom widgets.

```py
from google.colab import output
output.enable_custom_widget_manager()
```
</details>

## Development Installation

Create a dev environment:
```bash
conda create -n dsvisualizer-dev -c conda-forge nodejs yarn python jupyterlab
conda activate dsvisualizer-dev
```

Install the python. This will also build the TS package.
```bash
pip install -e ".[test, examples]"
```

When developing your extensions, you need to manually enable your extensions
with the notebook or lab frontend. For Lab, this is done by the command:

```
jupyter labextension develop --overwrite .
yarn run build
```

For classic notebooks, you need to run:

```
jupyter nbextension install --sys-prefix --symlink --overwrite --py dsvisualizer
jupyter nbextension enable --sys-prefix --py dsvisualizer
```

Note that the `--symlink` flag doesn't work on Windows, so you will here
have to run the `install` command every time that you rebuild your extension.
For certain installations you might also need another flag instead of
`--sys-prefix`, but we won't cover the meaning of those flags here.

### How to see your changes
#### Typescript:
If you use JupyterLab to develop then you can watch the source directory and
run JupyterLab at the same time in different terminals to watch for changes
in the extension's source and automatically rebuild the widget.

```bash
# Watch the source directory in one terminal, automatically rebuilding when needed
yarn run watch
# Run JupyterLab in another terminal
jupyter lab
```

After a change wait for the build to finish and then refresh your browser and
the changes should take effect.

#### Python:
If you make a change to the python code then you will need to restart the
notebook kernel to have it take effect.
